Update github action documentation and repository readme (#67)
uwhackweek/jupyterbook-template: .github/README.md

# eScience Hackweek Jupyterbook Template GitHub Actions

This folder contains continuous integration workflows to perform a variety of tasks such as checking for spelling errors and broken links, ensuring HTML is generated without errors, and publishing the website.

## Actions

> the `actions/` subfolder contains common [composite actions steps](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/creating-actions/creating-a-composite-action) that any Workflow can use.

Reviewer: This is very nit-picky and do we need to capitalize the ‘W’ on Workflow?

#### [setupconda](./actions/setupconda/action.yaml)
Steps to configure conda environment required to build the website.

#### [buildresources](./actions/buildresources/action.yaml)
Steps to build the hackweek landing webpage and JupyterBook.

## Workflows

The `workflows/` subfolder contains continuous integration workflows

#### [binder-badge.yml](./actions/workflows/binder-badge.yaml)
Create [binder](https://mybinder.readthedocs.io/en/latest/howto/gh-actions-badges.html) badges with links to test tutorial notebooks

#### [deploy.yaml](./actions/workflows/deploy.yaml)

> Render and publish the website to GitHub Pages

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Render and publish the websites (JupyterBook and landing page) to GitHub Pages
```

#### [manual.yaml](./actions/workflows/manual.yaml)

> Bypass usage of the cache to manually trigger a full rebuild of the Jupyterbook

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Bypass usage of the cache to manually trigger a full rebuild of the JupyterBook and landing page
```

#### [repo2docker.yaml](./actions/workflows/repo2docker.yaml)
[Build a Docker image](https://github.com/jupyterhub/repo2docker-action) for JupyterHub/BinderHub

#### [test.yaml](./actions/workflows/repo2docker.yaml)
Build the websites (JupyterBook and front page). Run on Pull Requests against every commit and via a 'cron' schedule to maintain caching [since otherwise the cache expires if untouched in 7 days](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/advanced-guides/caching-dependencies-to-speed-up-workflows#usage-limits-and-eviction-policy)

## Security

It's desirable for hackweek websites to have contributions from anyone, so the website repository should allow for changes via pull requests from forks. By default workflows running off forked repositories do not have access to secrets, but [following security best practices](https://securitylab.github.com/research/github-actions-preventing-pwn-requests/) you can require adding a label to a pull request in order to run a workflow that requires secrets. We do this in [netlifypreview.yaml](./actions/workflows/netlifypreview.yaml):

> 

Reviewer: I would remove the excerpt of the file. As shown, the section of the file is outdated and does not match the current file (the `types` have been updated). This can create confusion for new users and also creates a maintenance effort to keep it in sync. I would suspect that a curious person would click the link and look at the entire file.
